Docs refresh + dedicated Wormhole section for EVM developers (#60)
ripple/docs.xrplevm.org: pages/bridge/wormhole/deployed-contracts.md

---

> blurb: Wormhole contract addresses on the XRPL EVM Sidechain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seo:
  description: Wormhole contract addresses on the XRPL EVM Sidechain.
```
`blurb` isn't a valid frontmatter used by redocly.
